The building you are in has 6 floors.
Wait for elevator doors to open
Walk inside the elevator. 
Turn to face the inside of the elevator doors.
The doors will close on their own.
Search for numbers 1-10 located on either the right or left side of the doors.
If you want to go to floor 2, press 2.
If you want to go to floor 3, press 3.
If you want to go to floor 4, press 4.
If you want to go to floor 5, press 5.
If you want to go to floor 6, press 6.
Wait for the elevator to reach your floor and walk out when the door opens.
If you do not wish to go to any floor, press the “door open” button and walk out.

OMELLETE:


Find the refrigerator.
Open the front door.
Search for eggs.
Open egg carton.
Take out 3 eggs.
Search for milk.
Take the milk out of the refrigerator. 
Close the refrigerator door.
Walk to nearest counter.
Place eggs gently on the counter in a place where they don’t roll off.
Put down the milk next to eggs.
Find a whisk.
Put the whisk down next to the milk.
Find a bowl.
Place the bowl on an empty part of the counter.
Find a measuring cup that measures 1/2 cup.
Take one egg.
Hold the egg in one hand, and the side of the bowl with the other.
With one hand, gently crack it open on the side of the bowl.
Using both hands, open the shell to let the inside yolk and whites out into the bowl.
Discard the shell in the nearest trash can.
Repeat for two remaining eggs.
Open milk carton. 
Measure half a cup of milk using the measuring cup.
Pour the contents of the measuring cup into the bowl with the three eggs.
Put the measuring cup down. 
Pick up the whisk by the handle.
Place the part of the whisk opposite the handle into the bowl.
Make a circular motion until all elements are mixed.
Put the whisk back on the table.
Find a frying pan.
Pick it up.
Take it to the stove.
Place it centered on one burner. 
Turn that burner on to “medium”.
Go back and pick up the bowl.
Pour the contents of the bowl into the frying pan slowly.
Put the bowl back on the table.
Find a spatula.
Pick up the spatula and walk back to the pan.
Wait 4 minutes.
From the side of the frying pan, slide the spatula under the contents of the frying pan halfway.
Flip that half so it is now on top of the other half.
Wait 3 minutes.
Turn the stove off.
Put the spatula in the sink.
Congratulations you just made an omelette.
